docs(optimizer): Add more details to the materialized view documentation (#27465)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/sql/create-materialized-view.rst

    FROM orders
    GROUP BY date_trunc('day', order_date)

Create a materialized view with staleness configuration::

    CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW daily_sales
    WITH (stale_read_behavior = 'FAIL',
    staleness_window = '1h')
    AS
    SELECT date_trunc('day', order_date) AS day,
           region,
           SUM(amount) AS total_sales
    FROM orders
    GROUP BY date_trunc('day', order_date), region

> ``staleness_window - How long stale data is acceptable``

Author: @steveburnett, this line was added to describe the property used in the query. Do you want me to move it outside the code formatting?

> The optional ``staleness_window`` parameter defines how long stale data is acceptable and allows duration values in hours, minutes, or seconds (e.g., 1hr, 30m).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional ``staleness_window`` parameter defines how long stale data is acceptable and allows duration values in hours, minutes, or seconds (for example: 1hr, 30m).
```

Avoid Latin abbreviations. See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for e.g.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#eg) for discussion and alternatives.
